README.md, before:

The **UX Content Glossary** is an open, collaborative project for people working with content in UX fields. 

The goal of this project is two-fold: 

1. To create a useful reference product that benefits collaborators across UX professions and cultures. 
1. To serve as an opportunity for content people of all stripe to learn about GitHub and Jekyll technology. 

For the glossary content, we encourage writers and editors to get involved. The idea is that people of less celebrated status might do the writing based on industry research, while those who enjoy a more celebrated reputation contribute as advising editors to the writing and other aspects of glossary quality. All contributors will be named on the index (homepage) of the glossary. Writer's, specifically, will also be named on the individual definitions files they contribute to.   

For glossary design and development, we encourage the more technical among you to weigh-in on glossary structure, architecture, and presentation. We use a GitHub Page and Jekyll, which is already in place, and we'll continuously look to improve/refine how we've got the platform assembled. People familiar with YAML Front Matter and Liquid markup are especially welcome. As a companion to the glossary, we'll build an accompanying style/pattern library too. We also want the accessibility and semantic structure of the glossary to be as right as rain, perhaps informing an actual glossary schema, and this will be an opportunity to use [CSS Grid Layout](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-grid-1/) as well. 

This is a _rolling_ project, meaning there is no end point to refining the definitions or improving the underlying mechanics of development. Since it is on GitHub, we expect contributions to be done the GitHub way. Further, that collaborators follow the protocols in place for working efficiently and harmoniously. Every aspect of this project is subject to improvement over time, and we rely on collaborator feedback to identify where those opportunities are. 

We use the repository's wiki for **[project documentation](https://github.com/content-strategy-forum/csf-glossary/wiki)**, which answers (nearly) every question you might have at this point — even the one on the tip of your tongue now. Wiki information covers:

1. General information about the project (audience, scope, etc.)
1. How to get started with contributions.
1. How to collaborate and communicate progress.
1. Guidelines for content development.
1. Using GitHub (particularly in relation to this project).

# License 

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">The UX Content Glossary</span> is an original work by the <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://csf.community" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">CSF Community</a> and licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.

Commit message:

Making readme file the info/about page

README.md, after:

---
published: true
layout: page
title: "README"
description: 
---

<h1 class="term-title">The <i>{{ page.title }}</i></h1>

The **UX Content Glossary** is an open project for anyone working with content in a UX field. The goal of this project is to create a useful reference product that benefits collaborators, educators, and students across UX professions and cultures. At the same time, the project is an opportunity for collaborators — expectedly content people of all stripe — to learn new tools and technology (GitHub, Jekyll, YAML, Liquid, HTML5, CSS, JSON-LD, and Markdown), because there's more to collaborative writing than MS Word.

## Glossary content 

Writers and editors are encouraged to get involved. The idea is that people of less known status might do the writing based on industry research, while those who enjoy a more celebrated reputation contribute editors and advisors to the writing and other aspects of glossary quality. All contributors will be named on the index (homepage) of the glossary. Writer's, specifically, will also have their names on the individual definitions they contribute to.   

## Glossary design and development

The more technical among you are encouraged to weigh-in on glossary architecture, structure, and presentation. We use a GitHub Page and Jekyll, which is already in place, and we'll continuously look to improve/refine how we've got the platform assembled. People familiar with YAML Front Matter, Liquid markup, and JSON-LD are especially welcome to help improve things as we go.

We also want the semantic structure to reflect as much of a glossary schema that we can define from schema.org. Likewise, we're using the new [CSS Grid](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-grid-1/) module to build the glossary layout, so that's something to peek at the templates for as well. And being we try to follow ethical design practice, the glossary will be as usable, accessible, and secure as we can make it, so input is welcome there too. 

If these technologies are new to you, then follow along with changes as others make them and learn some basics. The repository is public and file changes are easy watch. Spin-off tutorials from our efforts are possible if there's interest for that kind of thing, which anyone is welcome to write, if so inclined. 

## Everything else

This is a _rolling_ project, meaning there is no end point to adding, cutting, refining definitions or improving the underlying technology as described. Since it is on GitHub, we expect contributions to be done the GitHub way, and that collaborators follow the protocols in place for working effectively and respectfully. 

The repository's wiki serves as **[project documentation](https://github.com/content-strategy-forum/csf-glossary/wiki)**, which answers (nearly) every question you might have at this point — even the one on the tip of your tongue now. It covers:

1. General information about the project (audience, scope, etc.)
1. How to get started with contributions.
1. How to collaborate and communicate progress.
1. Guidelines for content development.
1. Using GitHub (particularly in relation to this project).

## License 

<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="https://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png" /></a><br /><span xmlns:dct="http://purl.org/dc/terms/" property="dct:title">The UX Content Glossary</span> is an original work by the <a xmlns:cc="http://creativecommons.org/ns#" href="https://csf.community" property="cc:attributionName" rel="cc:attributionURL">CSF Community</a> and licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License</a>.
